welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Walking Dead Season ten episode 14
we begin with negan back in his cell but
no it's a flashback confirming that
Carol did in fact let him out to go
assassinate alpha and in the present
Carol puts alphas head on that spike
yeah finally got her revenge me it's
like cool now let's go back to
Alexandria that was part of our deal
you'll take me back there and be like oh
my god Meghan's the hero but Carol's
like uh what took you so long you know
hilltops burn now now right she's like
you're on your own negan I'm not even
going back to Alexandria right now I
have some business of my own to take
care of that business is wandering the
wilderness having an imaginary
conversation with alpha I've said it
before imaginary conversations with dead
characters are my absolute least
favorite trope that this show does it's
supposed to be Carroll's introspection
of her soul come to terms with who she
is and what she's done but actually all
it does is we start I'm the hilltop
survivors are hanging out then Eugene
calls everyone for a special
announcement he tells them about his
secret radio romance and he's going out
to meet this Stephanie right now people
are concerned it might be a trap but
Eugene has a tearful speech about having
hope that there's good people still out
there things he kills like hey man you
don't have to cry I'm in let's go find
your ladylove King says goodbye to his
loyal bodyguard and best friend Jerry
and it's a touching moment as I think
for the first time Jerry refers to your
majesty as just Ezekiel you MCOs going
to leaving behind her lady love Magna
that she was just reunited with I guess
she's just in the mood for a road trip
now beta and some whisperers find alphas
head this is difficult for beta to
process his entire existence was serving
alpha so he grabs her zombie head he's
taking her with him negan goes to untie
Lydia but she's already escaped and
Darrell's there waiting for him he's
real excited to finally kill negan but
negan's like whoa whoa I'm a good guy I
just killed alpha for you
negan leads Darryl back to the spike to
prove it but of course alphas head is
gone now beta took it but just then some
whispers show up or it got around that
negan was the last one seen with her
they know he killed her they go all
Wizard of Oz on him the wicked witch is
dead
all hail Dorothy for a few minutes it
looks like negan might embrace his role
as the new Alpha but instead he blasts
these guys like sea Daryl I told you I'm
a good guy now will negan and Daryl be
noobest bros I doubt it I don't think
Daryl can ever forgive negan for all the
stuff he did during the savior war but
he has to accept that negan's a goodish
guy at least for now and
eventually comes home too so negan might
finally be accepted into the group as
the hero who killed alpha so the road
trip crew is on an adventure
they fight some zombies but Ezekiel
breaks into a coughing fit remember he
is dying of cancer
Ezekiel's horse falls over oh it got
zombie bit he's got to put it down he's
super sad that he's not strong enough to
protect people anymore but Yumiko gives
him a pep talk and they're all good
eventually they get to new city yeah
it's like the famous season one shot of
Atlanta this is exciting times we
haven't been to a major city in a while
whoever's living in this city has
hilariously tied up zombies and dressed
em up having tea parties yah whoever
this new person is they are clearly
hilarious and soon we meet them here's
their intro yeah I'm excited for this
character bata wanders off goes to a
hotel where someone was staying for a
while and whoever this person was
they're a big fan of country music
legend half moon it's been hinted at and
now it's confirmed
that's who bata was a country music
singer at first he wants to erase his
former self but then he starts playing
his records and has an impromptu zombie
concert after reconnecting with his past
self he finally understands what alphas
trying to tell him he does finally kill
her zombie head I thought he was gonna
just carry her around forever in fact he
does carry her with him in the form of
his new half zombie mask beta wear and a
half alpha face gathers his own new
zombie horde he's keeping the whisperer
dream alive there's only two episodes
left this season how will the Whisperer
war end find out next time on The
Walking Dead hit that subscribe button
for more of the best recaps of TV and
movies and click the join button to
support the channel and be a recap
champion